welcome back to movie reviews
today i will show you an action thriller
horror film from 2006 titled final
destination
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
the film begins with an obsessive
compulsive driven high school graduate
from mckinley high photographing her
friends on a ride called the high dive
shortly after she takes their picture
she notices the letter v missing out of
the ride name but thinks nothing of it
as the beginning of the movie progresses
we're introduced to several characters
including wendy's boyfriend jason wise
her best friend carrie dreyer and her
boyfriend kevin fisher as well as
several other characters they all begin
to make their way to the roller coaster
which has a demon-like figure at the
front and a dark foreboding voice
warning them of the ride ahead this
causes wendy to begin feeling uneasy
even as she's taking pictures for the
yearbook the group begins boarding onto
the roller coaster with jason getting
divided from everyone else as he sits in
the front car with carrie while the
others sit in the back
lewis gets his shoulder pads adjusted
which sets off a small leak in the
hydraulic pipe frankie hides a video
camera in his pocket as wendy's camera
is pocketed by kevin sitting next to her
the ride begins and soon turmoil erupts
frankie's camera is knocked away by
ashley wrapping itself around the track
it's run over causing the leak to become
worse than the ride shoulder belts to
become loosened
one car suddenly jars entirely off the
track and others begin dropping off left
and right the ride suddenly stops upside
down forcing ian and aaron to hang and
eventually fall to their deaths kevin
and wendy motion the ride to go backward
but in doing so kevin is cut in half and
wendy is dumped onto the track then
wendy wakes up and realizes it is all a
premonition she's still sitting in the
car as it gets ready to move
she becomes hysterical and demands to be
let off and the attendant releases all
the seats in the rear car
wendy and kevin exit and soon the others
follow out of annoyance
jason asks to be let off as well but the
ride continues with him and the people
in the front car still sitting in it
attendees lead a terribly upset wendy
outside and the coaster crashes as
predicted leading to the deaths of jason
carey and several others
several weeks later wendy is at the
school and is confronted by kevin
concerned about her and the loss of
jason and carrie
wendy insists to be left alone
ashley and ashlyn invite her to
attending session and she takes their
phone number as she makes her way to her
car kevin explains that this has
happened before with flight 180 and the
seven people who got off and
mysteriously died wendy drives off his
thunder booms overhead ashley and ashlyn
head over to their favorite tanning
salon hoping to bronze up for the
graduation
they both have slurpees and the owner
insists they throw them away as he heads
off to complete a phone call ashley
merely pretends to throw her drink away
and they both head to the tanning room
the owner heads out the door with only a
tube of lotion holding it open
however the lotion squirts out and the
door closes shut and locks meanwhile
wendy is looking over the photos she
took the night of the accident it's then
she notices a photo of jason with a
foreshadowing of the coaster behind him
as it is about to hit his head and gets
an eerie feeling as the light bulb dims
in and out she then looks at the picture
of ashley and ashlynn which appears to
be oversaturated reminiscent of flames
she finds ashley's number and proceeds
to dial
back at the tanning salon ashley slurpee
has begun to leave a water residue which
leaks into the cooling unit and forces
the temperature to rise slightly as the
girls seem to notice this a cooling fan
causes a coat rack to fall over and
knock over a plant causing it to hit a
shelf and the shelf trapping both of
them inside both girls wins and scream
at agony as the bulbs begin overheating
and eventually breaking causing their
skin to bubble and soon a fire breaks
out setting both beds ablaze the owner
tries to get in but the back door is
locked and he also locked the front the
girls are burned alive in the blazing
tanning beds the next scene is at
vancouver english roman catholic
cemetery funeral where ian begins
questioning the preacher's comments
about the equality of death and is led
off by lewis and kevin afterward kevin
finds wendy kneeling at jason's death
grave she begins to show him pictures
that depict what's going to happen
beforehand including a picture showing a
plane shadow about to crash into the
world trade center in manhattan new york
city
suddenly a strange wind blows over both
of them and kevin tells wendy he's going
to get her some food on the way the two
almost hit a truck in their vehicle
forcing the driver to jump aside
they get to the drive-through of the
restaurant noticing a vehicle is pulling
behind them and also to the side
blocking wendy's exit
the sign also shows a the word control
glitching out and soon the radio kicks
on playing turn around look at me by the
letterman
suddenly wendy and kevin notice a
driverless truck coming their way they
can't escape the vehicle and they
unknowingly honk at frankie to move
aside only to have him flip them off the
couple behind them move their car and
they smash the windshield and jump out
of the vehicle the vehicles collide
killing frankie
kevin and wendy begin to calculate
death's design and who was sitting where
on the roller coaster they look over the
photos and decide to pay lewis a visit
while he's in the middle of a workout
lewis dismisses their claims and
proceeds with his workout even as wendy
points out to kevin that his photo shows
a sultan caricature with swords a weight
dropping on his head and a crying bear
in the picture there's a tall bear
statue and a sign with loose swords in
the weight room lewis begins to work out
with the other team members around him
causing the swords above his weight
machine to rattle loose
suddenly his teammate hits a bare finger
knocking a guy in the eye forcing him to
drop his weights lewis takes this moment
of apparent victory over death and lifts
the weights one more time only to half
of the two weights on top smashes head
to bits after a conversation about the
bizarre occurrences wendy and kevin make
their way to a hardware store where ian
and enter in work
ian is seen shooting at pigeons with a
nail gun then sets it down
he then makes light of the events that
are occurring and makes fun with wendy
and kevin however soon some accidents
are set into motion and a forklift
begins moving and knocking objects
around and it forces it to start lifting
on a wall loaded with objects including
sharpened stakes and pieces of flat
plywood as ian theorizes about death's
design wendy notices the stakes and
kevin saves him as various items begin
falling down
the plywood board soon start stacking on
top of each other and a piece of wood
flies off and penetrates a bag of
sawdust
she ends up falling backwards and lands
with the back of her head against a nail
gun and nine rounds end up getting fired
through her head and hand killing her
wendy kevin and ian stare in horror
after a visit to the police station and
the disbelief that follows wendy and
kevin split up with ian unnoticeably
looking at wendy from his truck
wendy ends up falling asleep at her
house and julie comes along to take the
lucky bracelet back for good luck upon
leaving wendy wakes up and realizes that
julie and her friend perry sneaked into
the ride as well upon identifying the
bracelet in a photograph
she calls kevin and informs him that his
photo looks like something glaring with
bright lights it's then that kevin
informs her that he's overlooking
security at a colonial fair complete
with fireworks and wendy starts heading
out the door to the fair
soon the song she heard at the
drive-thru begins playing again and she
notices a vehicle following her she
almost hits a wolf in the middle of the
road but continues to the fair
wendy shows up suspecting kevin might be
struck by fireworks as the show at the
fair starts and fireworks begin to go
off a couple of teenagers set off some
firecrackers startling a nearby horse
the horse begins running through the
crowd dragging a wooden stake behind him
julie ends up getting the rope tied
around her neck and almost gets impaled
on a rake that the horse jumps over
kevin however manages to cut her loose
it's then that wendy asked the frantic
julie who was sitting next to her on the
roller coaster and she glances at perry
the horse then launches a flag pole off
a trailer killing her
after a close call with kevin where he
is nearly killed by a blazing gas leak
julie and wendy begin to drag him off
only to run into ian who thinks that he
is the cause of wendy's death he
confronts them as a firework cart begins
wobbling and aims the fireworks right at
them the three duck as the fireworks go
off which entirely avoid ian thinking
he's safe and that wendy is next a
loosened crane of a cherry picker that
was struck by fireworks launches the
mckinley sign downwards which cuts ian
in half
his corpse appears to be flipping off
the three five months later wendy is
shown to be on a train she's on board of
a subway train along with her friends
and starts to notice advertisements of
the locations the previous deaths
occurred at as well as the turnaround
look at me song being sung by a patron
she then gets uncomfortable and tries to
exit the train but is stopped by julie
who also boards the train
as they speak she notices kevin riding
on the train as well and goes over to
ask why he's there as he begins talking
she notices something is wrong as the
lights begin to dim meanwhile the rat
shoes on the candy bar but gets too
close to electricity and fries itself
causing the tracks to switch over the
train then goes haywire and everyone
panics as it flies off the tracks
julie is obliterated by the trains wheel
and kevin is thrown against a cracked
window and is unable to move as it
slowly begins to grow weaker the window
finally breaks and kevin is jettisoned
outside wendy clings onto a pole
screaming until the train crashes and
she is thrown outside wendy sees that
everyone is dead around her and she
crawls seeing her leg is severely
injured wendy begins crying and soon
afterwards another train approaches her
at full speed she begins screaming and
just as the train is about to hit her it
is revealed to be another premonition
she had while talking to kevin but this
time the premonition has taken place
mere seconds before the accident which
it depicted wendy alarms kevin and julie
about the train as kevin grabs the
emergency brake julie and wendy try to
pry the door open as the lights begin to
flash and the screen cuts to black make
sure to subscribe and turn on post
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this thanks for watching